Let's talk about conversion segments briefly.
Conversion segments allow you to compare how specific attributes of a conversion,
compared to one another as well as to your overall conversion characteristics.
This is useful to see how specific channels or
specific user journeys may differ between say,
your overall customer base and your high value customers,
or for journeys that started with a paid search session compared to those that
originated from display or rich media or some other source.
It can be a useful way to start looking at differences in behavior
and attributes according to meaningful segmentation of your users.
Let's jump into the interface and take a quick look
at how that actually applies in reports.
Here in the multi-channel funnels reports for the top conversion paths,
I've added a couple of conversion segments.
You can see in the top navigation here I've added
the all conversion segments so that I have a meaningful basis of comparison.
I've also created this custom user-defined segment of conversion value
greater than 300 which is one and a half times my average conversion value.
These would be my higher value conversions.
I can see that conversion value over 300 is about,
a little over 1,200 conversions or about $670,000 in revenue.
So, these are not quite 20 percent of
my transactions and about half of my conversion revenue.
This is a small slice of transactions that's making up a big percentage of value.
So, I might want to know how these users behave differently on my site as well as
to mine for insights into differences in how I am acquiring these high-value converters,
to help me better identify target,
re-market, and message these users.